Python Programming :

	1.Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language that can be used for a wide variety of applications.
	2.Python is a powerful general-purpose programming language.
	3.First developed in the late 1980s by Guido van Rossum.
	4.Python is open source programming language.
	5.Guido van Rossum named it after the BBC Comedy TV series Monty Python’s Flying Circus
	
Advantages of Python Programming :

	1.Python is easy to learn and use.
	2.Large number of libraries available that can be used in your projects today.
	3.High Level Programming Language.
	4.Huge Community
	5.Object-oriented language
	6.Portable across Operating systems
	
Organizations using Python :

	1.Google
	2.microsoft
	3.facebook
	4.mozilla
	5.cisco
	6.Quora
	7.YouTube etc...
	
Python Based Jobs :

	1.Data Analysis
	2.Artificial Intelligence
	3.Automation
	4.Web Application
	5.Desktop Application
	6.Hacking
	
High-level Languages :
	High-level languages, like C, C++, JAVA,Python etc., are very near to English. It makes programming process easy.
	
Machine Code :
	Machine languages are very close to the hardware. Every computer has its machine language. 
	A machine language programs are made up of series of binary pattern. (Eg. 110110)
	It represents the simple operations which should be performed by the computer.
	
Diffrence between Compiler and Interpreter :

Compiler :	

	1.It read the whole program at a time.	
	2.It translates the whole program at a time into machine code.	
	3.It produces machine code which is directly understood by computer.	
	4.It takes large amount of time to analyze the source code.	
	5.it is faster	it is slower
	6.It requires more memory space.	
	7.Programming language like C,C++ use compiler.	

Interpreter :

	1.It read the program line by line.
	2.It translates only one line of program at a time into machine code.
	3.It produces intermediate code after translation.
	4.It takes less amount of time to analyze the source code.
	5.It requires less memory space.
	6.Programming language like Python,Ruby use interpreter.
	
Python Data Types

	1.Text Type		:	str
	2.Numeric Types :	int, float, complex
	3.Sequence Types:	list, tuple, range
	4.Mapping Type	:	dict
	5.Set Types		:	set, frozenset
	6.Boolean Type	:	bool
	7.Binary Types	:	bytes, bytearray, memoryview
	8.None Type		:	NoneType
	
Keywords in Python Programming :

	1.A keyword is a word having special meaning reserved by programming language
	2.We cannot use a keyword as a variable name, function name or any other identifier.
	3.Eg: for,break,continue,etc.
	
Python Variables :

	Variables are containers for storing data values.
	
	Variable is a name that is used to refer to memory location. Python variable is also known as an identifier and used to hold value.

	In Python, we don't need to specify the type of variable because Python is a infer language and smart enough to get variable type.
	
	Variables are the example of identifiers. An Identifier is used to identify the literals used in the program.
	
	Identifier names are case sensitive; for example, myname, and MyName is not the same.
	
	Examples of valid identifiers: a123, _n, n_9, etc.
	
	Examples of invalid identifiers: 1a, n%4, n 9, etc.

